Post-mortem mode. This is the default mode.The mode does not need 
interaction with the host side.In this mode tracing module does 
not check whether host has read all the data from HW UP BUFFER 
buffer and overwrites old data with the new ones. This mode is 
useful when only the latest trace data are interesting to the user, 
e.g. for analyzing program’s behavior just before the crash. Host 
can read the data later on upon user request, e.g. via special 
OpenOCD command in case of working via JTAG interface.

Streaming mode. Tracing module enters this mode when host connects 
to ESP32. In this mode before writing new data to HW UP BUFFER 
tracing module checks that there is enough space in it and if 
necessary waits for the host to read data and free enough memory. 
Maximum waiting time is controlled via timeout values passed by 
users to corresponding API routines. So when application tries to 
write data to trace buffer using finite value of the maximum 
waiting time it is possible situation that this data will be 
dropped. Especially this is true for tracing from time critical 
code (ISRs, OS scheduler code etc.) when infinite timeouts can lead 
to system malfunction. In order to avoid loss of such critical data 
developers can enable additional data buffering via menuconfig 
option CONFIG_APPTRACE_PENDING_DATA_SIZE_MAX. This macro specifies 
the size of data which can be buffered in above conditions. The option 
can also help to overcome situation when data transfer to the host is 
temporarily slowed down, e.g due to USB bus congestions etc. But it 
will not help when average bitrate of trace data stream exceeds HW 
interface capabilities.
Zigbee is an IEEE 802.15.4-based specification for a suite of high-level 
communication protocols used to create personal area networks with small, 
low-power digital radios, such as for home automation, medical device data 
collection, and other low-power low-bandwidth needs, designed for small 
scale projects which need wireless connection. Hence, Zigbee is a low-power, 
low data rate, and close proximity (i.e., personal area) wireless ad hoc network.
The technology defined by the Zigbee specification is intended to be simpler 
and less expensive than other wireless personal area networks (WPANs), such 
as Bluetooth or more general wireless networking such as Wi-Fi. Applications 
include wireless light switches, home energy monitors, traffic management systems, 
and other consumer and industrial equipment that requires short-range low-rate 
wireless data transfer.
Zigbee is a low-cost, low-power, wireless mesh network standard targeted at battery-powered devices in wireless control and monitoring applications. Zigbee delivers low-latency communication. Zigbee chips are typically integrated with radios and with microcontrollers. Zigbee operates in the industrial, scientific and medical (ISM) radio bands: 2.4 GHz in most jurisdictions worldwide; though some devices also use 784 MHz in China, 868 MHz in Europe and 915 MHz in the US and Australia, however even those regions and countries still use 2.4 GHz for most commercial Zigbee devices for home use. Data rates vary from 20 kbit/s (868 MHz band) to 250 kbit/s (2.4 GHz band).

Zigbee builds on the physical layer and media access control defined in IEEE standard 802.15.4 for low-rate wireless personal area networks (WPANs). The specification includes four additional key components: network layer, application layer, Zigbee Device Objects (ZDOs) and manufacturer-defined application objects. ZDOs are responsible for some tasks, including keeping track of device roles, managing requests to join a network, as well as device discovery and security.
The Zigbee network layer natively supports both star and tree networks, and generic mesh networking. Every network must have one coordinator device. Within star networks, the coordinator must be the central node. Both trees and meshes allow the use of Zigbee routers to extend communication at the network level. Another defining feature of Zigbee is facilities for carrying out secure communications, protecting establishment and transport of cryptographic keys, ciphering frames, and controlling device. It builds on the basic security framework defined in IEEE 802.15.4.
Its low power consumption limits transmission distances to 10–100 meters line-of-sight, depending on power output and environmental characteristics.[1] Zigbee devices can transmit data over long distances by passing data through a mesh network of intermediate devices to reach more distant ones. Zigbee is typically used in low data rate applications that require long battery life and secure networking. (Zigbee networks are secured by 128 bit symmetric encryption keys.) Zigbee has a defined rate of 250 kbit/s, best suited for intermittent data transmissions from a sensor or input device.
Zigbee was conceived in 1998, standardized in 2003, and revised in 2006. The name refers to the waggle dance of honey bees after their return to the beehive.
From fairest creatures we desire increase,
That thereby beauty's rose might never die,
But as the riper should by time decease,
His tender heir might bear his memory:

But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,
Feed'st thy light'st flame with self-substantial fuel,
Making a famine where abundance lies,
Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.

Thou that art now the world's fresh ornament
And only herald to the gaudy spring,
Within thine own bud buriest thy content
And, tender churl, makest waste in niggarding.

Pity the world, or else this glutton be,
To eat the world's due, by the grave and thee.
Then let not winter's ragged hand deface
In thee thy summer, ere thou be distill'd:
Make sweet some vial; treasure thou some place
With beauty's treasure, ere it be self-kill'd.

That use is not forbidden usury,
Which happies those that pay the willing loan;
That's for thyself to breed another thee,
Or ten times happier, be it ten for one;

Ten times thyself were happier than thou art,
If ten of thine ten times refigured thee:
Then what could death do, if thou shouldst depart,
Leaving thee living in posterity?

Be not self-will'd, for thou art much too fair
To be death's conquest and make worms thine heir.